Admin dashboard 
  only let export button work if one is checked
  mark the licenses as "printed" once exported to spreadsheet. Dump them into 'already printed' screen
  make park license form look like city's
  show if from humane society

pet's birthdate
add jquery validation
add placeholder.js for ie

prevent age to be in the future
prevent spayed/neuter expiration to be in the pass

link to view license 

test all emails

primary_breed and secondary_breed

add existing city license numbers

opt_out of email reminders

progressive registration - move more to after login

-----------------------------------------------------

save credit card data

multiple year license

setup support@petpass.net

create renew license button

setup SQL access to DB (for Niko)

reminder to add license ID

reminder if information is missing - picture

humane society pet lookup by license

humane society pet lookup by rabies tag number

humane society sees user data

format phone number

-----------------------------------------------------

National roll out strategy

State has_many :counties
County has_many :municipalities

Municipalities 
  name
  email
  address_one
  address_two
  city
  state
  zip
  phone
  bank_routing_number
  bank_account_number
  late_fee
  dog_intact_fee
  dog_sp_fee
  requires_cat_license  
  cat_intact_fee
  cat_sp_fee

  validate presence of all or municipality is not live

link to show fee schedule (municipalities#show) from charges#new

Bring this to my county link
  - verify identity
  - make them county admin
  - verify how they recieve license information and payment

How would you like to recieve payment and license information?


-----------------------------------------------------

referal gets you a coupon code

share with facebook to wave petpass fee

-----------------------------------------------------


3. Have date auto format so you don’t have to type forward slashed
4. Helpful if required fields were offset or bold or a different color because they won’t have images at this point
5. Be able to upload license number to pet record - this requires asking for license expiration date
7. Make markings a drop down - need the markings spreadsheet
8. Have Zip mapping - ?
9. update email to complete the accounts

-----------------------------------------------------


DONE create reminder email

DONE

 adjust fee schedule automatically
  - 5$ late fee?
  If After April 1
  Pet is over 5 months old
  Have had pet for more than 30 days 
  A city of madison resident for more than 30 days

  - 10$ prorated fee
  If on or after July 1
  Pet is younger than five months old

DONE park fee schedule 

DONE spayed neuter price reduction

DONE Check if sex is spayed or not and present proof file input

DONE write emails
 DONE welcome
 DONE confirm pet license submitted
  DONE reminder - you need to get proof of rabies vaccination before you can license (sends every two weeks)
  DONE reminder - you signed up but haven't licensed

DONE add expired to licenses
DONE add printed to licenses

DONE Check if another license exists in the same county

DONE Add airbreak to see errors

DONE google analytics

DONE Add species


DONE remove requirement on spayed proof
DONE  add modernizer
DONE feedback email in footer

DONE purchase park license only - make munciiple license a check box
DONE dates - mm/dd/yyyy
DONE capitalize first and last name

DONE bug - switch days and months in date throws error

DONE late fee

DONE Add cat breeds
DONE allow only park license
DONE 30 days since you moved to the region boolean
DONE include link to fee schedule
DONE fix totalling


DONE IP address of humane society
DONE terms and conditions
DONE 1. Need to specify password criteria so if password is wrong criteria don’t have it wipes out pets info which it does currently
DONE 6. Be able to upload microchip number on pet record
DONE 10. Cat Breeds: Add - "Domestic long hair" "Domestic short hair" "Domestic medium hair"
DONE 11. If at DCHS have the "acquired pet in the last 30 days" auto checked
DONE (NIKO) 12. Create a flyer to include in the adoption packet at the humane society.

DONE if pet adopted at_humane_society . . . 
  add text instead of proof for spayed and neutered and rabies
  set expiration of rabies to x years
